like for instance why would you take
something from a store if everything was
free if it's all free then it's there
for you to take if it's not illegal then
you why why would you steal something
from a store when everything in that
store was free back when I was a young
man and my girlfriend probably wasn't
born yet there was this guy named Bill
Clinton remember and I remember Tucker
Carlson who was at that time less famous
talk Tucker Carlson today is more famous
than Bill Clinton you know um I remember
Tucker Carlson trying to do a talk show
of the whether or not
Bill Clinton should be impeached or face
formal charges and hearings because of
his own sexual escapades and this guy
representing the Democrat Party sat
there remember he was quite a fat guy in
a suit and he could tell he had this
prepared statement set out in his mind
he was nervous and he said well my
opinion is that Bill Clinton didn't do
anything that broke the law and legal
obligations are identical to moral
obligations therefore there can't be any
ethical question and in those days a lot
of cable television a lot of broadcast
news was pretty much live and unedited
like even if they had the capacity edit
they just didn't bother just dumped it
onto television and Tucker Carlson just
sat there saying to him what do you mean
how can you possibly say that if it's
not a legal obligation it's not a moral
obligation how can you say that like how
can you say the discussion didn't go
anywhere you have this fat nervous guy
sitting there who's kind of sweating and
looking around your dark Rosen just like
with his mind blown like how can you say
that
and you back then to cable is it wasn't
uh I don't know wasn't so overcrowded
with advertising you know they sat there
for a couple awkward minutes now
someone's gonna find a clip of that I
mean must must be somewhere on the
internet maybe maybe it's not
interesting enough to have been archived
here on a YouTube awkward moment in
Clinton presidency I guess I guess there
were a few all right this is a long way
of saying I'm aware there are some
people including some people have talked
to you who now retreat to the position
of claiming that anisia did nothing
wrong in his own sexual escapades
because he did nothing illegal and
therefore if nothing illegal was done
there's nothing immoral that was done
and look bottom line is the reason why
we talk about morality and ethics it's
not to take something away from an se
honestly it's to add something to our
own lives okay it is worthwhile to
reflect on the fact that for example an
isiand
lied to his wife so you can learn
something from it so you can do the
analysis so you can be a better person
or reflect on what it would mean to be a
better person and that kind of thing all
right ultimately us sitting around and
engaging in analysis and understanding
of why and how and is seeing lied to his
wife
it's it doesn't take anything away from
an se and it doesn't put in a scene in
jail so and so forth and it may well be
that a Nishant has obeyed the letter of
the law without I think obeying the
spirit of the law and we're left to
analyze questions like a nobody is even
suggesting that America should pass a
law making it's making it a crime to to
lie to your wife however if you were to
say to me the innocent did nothing wrong
in a situation where for example he
promised his wife he was gonna meet up
with a young woman and spend 18 year old
woman and spend one week or two weeks
with her alone and he promised his wife
they would only engage in kissing no sex
no penetrative acts of any kind and and
you know they did in fact they did in
fact have have sex of a peculiar kind in
with it
they didn't engage in a penetrative act
of a particular kind Oh being the letter
of the law although not the spirit of
the law so that he could claim that he
hadn't broken his promise to him there's
something there for us to reflect on and
and analyze the reason for this video
today is one of my viewers one of my
longtime viewers who's seen my own
videos reflecting on and analyzing what
went wrong with an SDN or what he's
still doing wrong now I managed to get a
question in edgewise in a day when an
Sen really I think within 24 hours or 48
hours he recorded and uploaded many
hours of self justifications and excuses
so what you're going to hear now is a
question that from one of my viewers
that more or less confronts an SEM and
from my perspective he really dams
himself what he says is is unbelievably
damning in its own defense in response
to that question so if you already know
my channel my past video isn't an SDN
you'll realize that this question is
kind of reflecting on and summarizing
many of the issues I've raised you know
one of them one of my first videos and
an essay on was titled
don't date the babysitter
and you know in an in-state 16 is legal
okay
age you consent is 16 there I still
think many people in my audience would
concede the point that for a married man
with two children to get sexually
involved with a much younger woman he's
employing and as his babysitter is an
ethical problem is something to reflect
on whether it's 16 or 17 or 18 or 28 I'm
41 years old what if I had a 28 year old
oh it's my babysitter that I get
sexually vulva I still think that's
messed up and again the point is there's
something for us to learn there's
something for us to reflect on here it
doesn't take anything away from
initiative we reflect on it doesn't put
him in jail and again I don't think
anyone's even rushing to legislate on
that matter I don't know maybe we should
defensive babysitters act vote YES on
Proposition 248 I'm gonna run for office
I'm making it illegal to a law to make
it illegal to sleep with your own
household employees you know what I'm
sorry I'm talking myself into 54 sets
all right here we go and this scene
confronted by one of my viewers quote
like a little sister or foster daughter
he claimed repeatedly that he had no
attraction to her and something I've had
to point out to people who were not in
the loop when all this happened is that
an SDN also repeatedly insulted the
audience so an Sen lied to Sarah and Sen
lied to his wife an isiand lied to his
audience and he lied to himself so again
even if there's no law broken there's
something worthwhile to reflect on there
what he insisted on again again he
insulted the audience and announced them
and claimed that you must be perverted
if you imagine he would be sexually
involved in sareth anyway this is a
delusion in the audience it's something
he would never do it's a very very
strange dance he did of again trying to
impress upon us his sense of moral
superiority because allegedly this was a
girl whom he related to as a foster or
father to a foster daughter themselves
answer me that I was supposed to
one life tx3 okay well things change
over time people change things change
over time she became your live-in
babysitter at age 16 and then one day
she turned 18 and you know things change
or it's kind of like what they're doing
is kind of like saying okay let's say
that you have this woman who's in your
life and it's an interesting maybe not
relevant analogy but you have this woman
in your life and you would never [ __ ]
her or anything like that because she's
the friend of your spouse and then your
spouse [ __ ] died really really
strange choice of analogy because yeah
the justification for Sarah living in
their house and Clara with YouTube
videos is that Sarah was the friend of
his wife right have been five years
later that person still in your life and
you wind up being with them or whatever
even though you never would before when
circumstances change when like this huge
barrier changes like this when the when
the legality changes about something
when like for instance why would you
take something from a store if
everything was free if it's all free
then it's there for you to take if it's
not illegal then you just why why would
you steal something from a store when
everything in that store was free 18
year old babysitter gains your head
space and you started thinking well I
mean this is a something that could be a
possibility and oh hey look they're
blackmailing me into doing it anyway so
you're sitting there going there's
nothing stopping you and they're bending
your arm to do it and you're like well I
just don't see the barrier so well like
I don't know if I could stomach sleeping
with someone who I've known since they
were underage that's kind of so it's
like you're robbing a store but
everything in the store is available for
free and they are blackmailing you into
doing it anyway so you just don't see a
barrier there
and then he thinks he speak he thinks
he's clearing his name